Seating ArrangementMarks: 30
Problem Description
Viha is developing a program to manage the seating arrangement for N individuals seated around a circular dining table, where N ∈ {4, 6, 8}. The participants, labeled A through H, occupy evenly spaced seats around the table, all facing toward the center of the table (like how we sit around the dining table in real life).

A set of positional clues describes how certain individuals must be placed relative to one another. Using these clues, the objective is to determine the individuals seated immediately to the left and right of a specified person.

Clue Codes:

The seating clues use a set of predefined short codes, listed below:

NR: Person2 is not seated to the right of Person1.
NL: Person2 is not seated to the left of Person1.
L: Person2 is seated to the left of Person1.
R: Person2 is seated to the right of Person1.
NO: Person2 is not seated opposite to Person1.
O: Person2 is seated opposite Person1.
A: Person2 is seated adjacent to Person1.
NA: Person2 is not seated adjacent to Person1.
Each clue will follow the format:
<Person1><Short code><Person2>

Task:

Using the clues provided and the specified person's name, identify and output the individuals seated immediately to their left and right. If no valid seating arrangement can be formed, output "No valid seating possible."

Constraints
1 <= Number of clues <= 15

Input
The first line contains an integer N, the number of people.

The second line contains an integer K, the number of clues.

The next K lines contain a clue in the format <Person1><Short code><Person2>

The last line contains the name of the target person for whom we need to find the neighbors.

Output
If a valid seating arrangement is found, output the names of the people seated to the immediate left and right of the target person on the same line, in the format:
<left person><space><right person>.

If no valid seating arrangement exists due to contradictory or invalid or insufficient clues, print "No valid seating possible".

Refer to Example section for better understanding.

Time Limit (secs)
1

Examples
Example 1

Input

6

5

ANOC

BOE

FLB

CLF

DOC

E

Output

C A

Explanation

The seating arrangement for the above given clues is shown below.

com.tcs.cv.automata.ei.middleware.DocxToHtmlConverter@4ced35ed:image1.png

As you can see from the above figure, the immediate left and right neighbors of E are C and A, hence print the same.

Example 2

Input

4

3

ANOC

BNOA

ANOD

B

Output

No valid seating possible

Explanation

With the given set of clues, no valid arrangement is possible.

make funct, calculation part up and down to look like a hurry , busy low level coding knowledge man rewrite this code.

use small variable and function name, change structure of code.

remove comments and modify this code that anyone can't find that i have copied in c++ code
